Add 'Setting the C++ standard' to 'build_from_source.md' (#149)
root-project/web: install/build_from_source.md

## Setting the C++ standard

ROOT needs to be configured and built with the same C++ standard as the programs that will make use of it.
The relevant cmake flag is [`CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD`](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD.html){:target="_blank"}.

> For example, from the command line, the standard can be selected by passing one of `-DCMAKE_CXX_STANDARD={11,14,17,...}`.

Reviewer: Our users love copy&paste, so maybe:
```suggestion
For example, from the command line, the standard can be selected by passing one of 11, 14, 20,... such as `-DCMAKE_CXX_STANDARD=14`.
```

#### ROOT STL backports

ROOT backports certain useful C++ standard library features to make them available in C++11, for example `std::make_unique` and `std::string_view`.

> The backports can be found [here in the reference guide](https://root.cern.ch/doc/master/dir_7780993579c9aa6baf9598fd7cc29d54.html).

Reviewer: AFAIK that URL is not stable :-( Or is it? Could you check for v616 vs master?

Author: It happens to work if you substitute `master` with any of `v616`,`v618`,`v618`,`v620`,`v622`.

If there is a better way to link to pages in our reference or a better list of our backports we should use that though.

> The backports fallback to the actual STL implementation if the C++ standard ROOT is compiled with supports the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backports are disabled, falling back to the actual C++ standard library implementation if it provides it, depending for instance on the C++ standard ROOT is compiled with and the compiler version.
```

## Enabling experimental features, aka ROOT7

New and improved versions of standard ROOT components are being implemented under codename ROOT7.

> Turning on C++14 (see [Setting the C++ standard](#setting-the-c-standard)) or higher using  will automatically enable ROOT7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turning on C++14 (see [Setting the C++ standard](#setting-the-c-standard)) or higher will automatically enable ROOT7.
```
